Add generator docs (#739)
exercism/clojure: docs/GENERATORS.md

# Generators

> The Clojure track uses a [test generator](https://exercism.org/docs/building/tooling/test-generators) to auto-generate (some) of the practice exercise's tests.

Author: ```suggestion
The Clojure track uses a [test generator](https://exercism.org/docs/building/tooling/test-generators) to auto-generate practice exercise tests.
```

For example, you might want to make the description less verbose.

To tweak the test cases, define a `.meta/generator.clj` file with a `<slug>-generator` namespace .
You then defined a function called `transform` that takes (and returns) a single value: the parsed test cases.

Example:

```clojure
(ns difference-of-squares-generator)

(defn- update-path [path]
  (take-last 1 path))

(defn transform [test-cases]
  (map #(update % :path update-path) test-cases))
```

This step is entirely optional.

### Step 4: render the test cases

The (potentially transformed) test cases are then passed to the `.meta/generator.tpl` file, which defines how the tests should be rendered based on the test cases.

### Step 5: write the rendered template to the exercise's test file

Finally, the rendered template's output is written to the exercise's test file.

## Templates

The templates are rendered using the [hbs library](https://github.com/sunng87/hbs), which supports handlebars syntax (using [handlebars.java](https://github.com/jknack/handlebars.java/)).

## Command-line interface

There are two ways in which the test generator can be run:

> 1. `bin/generate-tests`: generate the tests for all exercises with a test generator
> 2. `bin/generate-tests <slug>`: generate the tests for the specified exercise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `bin/generate-tests`: generate the tests for all exercises that have a generator template
2. `bin/generate-tests <slug>`: generate the tests for the specified exercise, if it has a generator template
```
